create doc for baseline contributions (#1003)
adap/flower: doc/source/contribute-baselines.rst

> Contribute Baselines
> ====================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributing Baselines
======================
```

Reviewer: @mariaboerner1987 can you also adjust the filename accordingly?

> Do you have a new federated learning paper and want to add a new baseline to Flower? Or do you want to add a new experiment to an already existing baseline paper?
> Great, we really appreciate your contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you have a new federated learning paper and want to add a new baseline to Flower? Or do you want to add a new experiment to an already existing baseline paper? Great, we really appreciate your contribution.
```

> The goal of creating baselines is to reproduce the experiments in the paper for better comparison to new strategies, datasets, federated pipelines, and so on. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of Flower Baselines is to reproduce experiments from popular papers to accelerate researchers by enabling faster comparisons to new strategies, datasets, models, and federated pipelines in general. 
```

> Before you start to work on a new baseline or experiment please check the `Flower Issues <https://github.com/adap/flower/issues>`_ or `Flower Pull Requests <https://github.com/adap/flower/pulls>`_ if someone else is already working on it. Please open a new issue if you are planning to work on a new baseline or experiment with a short description of the corresponding paper and the experiment you want to contribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start to work on a new baseline or experiment please check the `Flower Issues <https://github.com/adap/flower/issues>`_ or `Flower Pull Requests <https://github.com/adap/flower/pulls>`_ to see if someone else is already working on it. Please open a new issue if you are planning to work on a new baseline or experiment with a short description of the corresponding paper and the experiment you want to contribute.
```

Requirements
------------

> A contribution is really easy. You only have to make sure that your federated learning experiments are running with Flower. As soon as you have created an experiment with Flower included you can contribute it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributing a new baseline is really easy. You only have to make sure that your federated learning experiments are running with Flower. As soon as you have created a Flower-based experiment, you can contribute it.
```

> It is recommended to use `Hydra <https://hydra.cc/>`_ to execute the experiment but not necessary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended (but not required) to use `Hydra <https://hydra.cc/>`_ to execute the experiment. 
```

> Please make sure that you add your baseline or experiment to the corresponding directory as explained in `Execute Baseline <https://flower.dev/docs/execute-baseline.html>`_. Also add a :code:`README.md` with a short explanation of the paper and a detailed description of how to execute the baseline. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure to add your baseline or experiment to the corresponding directory as explained in `Executing Baseline <https://flower.dev/docs/executing-baselines.html>`_. Also add a :code:`README.md` containing a link to the paper, the abstract of the paper, and a detailed description of how to execute the experiments.

```

> Please also check if all requirements or library are listed in the :code:`pyproject.toml` or the :code:`requirements.txt` available in the directory `flower/baselines/flwr_baselines <https://github.com/adap/flower/blob/main/baselines>`_. If the requirement or library is not yet listed please add it. If the versions are different please make your that your baseline is running with the already existing version listed in :code:`pyproject.toml` or the :code:`requirements.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please also check if all required Python packages (libraries, frameworks, ...) are listed in :code:`pyproject.toml` and/or :code:`requirements.txt` (all in the directory `baselines <https://github.com/adap/flower/blob/main/baselines>`_. If the required Python package is not yet listed, please add it to :code:`pyproject.toml`. If you need a different version of a package that is already listed, please try to make your experiment running with the already existing version listed in :code:`pyproject.toml` (or :code:`requirements.txt`) or - if that does not work - open a GitHub Issue and request the version change.
```

> The experiment also needs to contain a file with an automatic downloader of the dataset. This can be included in one of the files or as an extra file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The experiment also needs to contain a file with a (if possible automatic) downloader of the dataset. This can be included in one of the files or as an extra file.
```

> At the end please also add a plot the results of the experiment that are performed by your code to the experiment directory as well as to the :code:`README.md`. This will help to better understand the experiment and allow the user to figure out any errors.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, please also add plots of the results of the experiments that are performed by your code to the experiment directory and include them in :code:`README.md`. This will help others to better understand the experiment and allow them to quickly recognise your contributions.
```

> We are aware that a few libraries are only available within the Conda environment. However, please make sure that your code runs as well outside of Conda to keep the usability of the Flower framework. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are aware that a small number of libraries are only available via Conda. However, we want to encourage you to make sure that your code also runs well outside of Conda in order to make it more accessible to the wider research community.
```

> Here is a checklist for your contribution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a checklist for adding a new baseline:
```

> * add requirements or library to :code:`pyproject.toml` or the :code:`requirements.txt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* add required Python packages to :code:`pyproject.toml` or :code:`requirements.txt`
```

> * add all required code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* add all required code under :code:`baselines/flwr_baselines/publications/[new_publication]`
```

* add a dataset downloader
* add an experiment plot
* add a :code:`README.md`

Usability
---------

> Flower is known for its usability. Therefore, make sure that your baseline or experiment can be executed with a single command such as :code:`./run.sh` or :code:`python3 main.py`.
> How you set up the experiments and the related code structure is up to you as an author but keep in mind that other users can easily execute your baseline.
> 
> We see forward to your contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flower is known and loved for its usability. Therefore, make sure that your baseline or experiment can be executed with a single command such as :code:`./run.sh` or :code:`python3 main.py`. How you organise the experiments and the related code structure is up to you as an author, but please keep in mind to make sure that other users can easily understand and execute your baseline.

We look forward to your contribution!
```
